all right we're still turning up the
heat for today's fashion flash with some
super sexy guys that's right so we
always talk about the gorgeous women who
from for brands and campaigns but today
we're giving the boys some love who's
getting Arrington a cage on snow from
Game of Thrones is in the fall ad
campaigns for Jimmy Choos fragrance for
men called man and I think it's about
time someone from Westeros got a
modelling yeah I mean I'm surprised it's
not a hair commercial considering how
gorgeous his locks look on the wall for
sure but yeah that's nice but the
commercial is even nicer take a look
okay you were right what could I say so
good to see him out of those furs
definite you know kid isn't the only hot
guy in Hollywood who has a new campaign
David Beckham of course is looking
better than ever in his new photos for
hmm I mean he keeps looking hotter and
hotter in these campaigns but here are a
few other men who've made some steamy
fashion and fragrance cameos Hollywood's
hottest guys get sexy for their favorite
brands Matthew McConaughey unbuttoned
for Dolce and Gabbana James Franco has
posed for Gucci several times giving us
retro and steamy Adam driver lent his
cool style to Gap Justin Timberlake
brought sexy back to Givenchy while Ryan
Reynolds shows who's boss for Hugo Boss
is fragrance Tom Brady followed the
footsteps of his supermodel wife posing
for a few movin Oh
sets in ugh and smart water and Chris
Evans got sexy for Gucci Guilty I feel
like Chris Evans was looking into my
soul I think he was yeah and I think
this is all train Tom pretty well she
did we still have a few other honorable
mentions of course there was Brad Pitt's
very confusing Chanel commercials there
you are look my fate my fortune she's
now number five and Robert Pattinson
ultra-sexy dro mad
I love you tomorrow pass not like me my
thing I don't know I love Brad's
nonsensical but the way they do